docs/aws: update AWS deploy docs after testing (#491)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/aws-eks-tutorial.md

category: operations
---

> > **Note:** This documentation is outdated and might not work, please see the latest version in the [deploy directory](deploy/aws/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This documentation is outdated and might not work, so it is recommended to see the latest version in the [deploy directory](deploy/aws/README.md).
```

> > **Note:** This documentation is outdated and might not work, so it is recommended to see the latest version in the [deploy directory](deploy/aws/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This documentation is outdated and might not work, so it is recommended to see the latest version in the [deploy directory](/deploy/aws/README.md).
```

Author: I was just about to fix that ;)
